PE-462: download drive (#218)
ardriveapp/ardrive-cli: README.md

Users can perform a bulk upload by using the upload-file command on a target folder. The command will reconstruct the folder hierarchy on local disk as ArFS folders on the permaweb and upload each file into their corresponding folders:

```shell
ardrive upload-file --local-path /path/to/folder --parent-folder-id "9af694f6-4cfc-4eee-88a8-1b02704760c0" -w /path/to/wallet.json
```

### Downloading a Drive

To download the whole drive you can use the `download-drive` command.

```shell
ardrive download-drive -d "c0c8ba1c-efc5-420d-a07c-a755dc67f6b2"
```

> This is equivalent to run the `download-folder` command against the root folder of the drive. So the same behavior is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is equivalent to running the `download-folder` command against the root folder of the drive.
```
Grammar correction and removing redundant sentence.
